DOCS-2886: Update installation instructions to separate OS install (#3477)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/services/webcam-line-follower-robot.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Hardware | Avg. price |
| -------- | ----------------- |

> | **A single-board computer**: This tutorial uses a Raspberry Pi running a 64-bit Linux distribution. If you use a different board, configure your {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="board" text="board" >}} using the [instructions for your board](/installation/#platform-requirements). | $60 |

Reviewer: This makes no sense (in an out of diff way)
```suggestion
| **A single-board computer**: This tutorial uses a Raspberry Pi 4. If you use a different single-board computer, choose the [model that supports your board](/components/board/#available-models) when you [configure your board component](#configure-your-components). | $60 |
```
